The McElroy brothers are not experts and their advice should never be followed
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it
Also, this show isn't for kids which I mentioned only so the babies out there will know how cool they are for listening
What's up, you cool, baby?
It's better, it's better with you
Hello everybody and welcome to my brother my brother and me an advice show for the modern era
I'm your oldest brother Justin McElroy. I'm your middlest brother wolf wolf big dog
No fleas on me Travis McElroy. He does got some fleas ain't no flea. Hey, fuck you. You take that back
Yeah, I seen him I seen him and this is Griffin McElroy the little brother. I'm always sort of doing slams
Yeah, you're a stinker
And I'll say this about Travis has been a minute, but I have seen those fleas you dirty dog
Oh, no, I actually shaved my whole body to get rid of them. So they're inside fleas
Oh, no, the blood is bone fleas
I've got the bone fleas listen, we need you to become a max fund drive member so I can afford my bone flea medication
It's so expensive
I have to I have to every day I have to fly to Canada and get one big pill that I take and then I fly
Home, right? Rectally and then the next day I have to do it all over again. I've been doing this for the last six years
Did he stop the pandemic and the answer is no, you know, I had to have I had to charter a private jet
but definitely so I can go so I can go to Canada and get my
Higher private jet. He did that like Indiana Jones movie thing where it's like a bunch of chickens
It was me and a bunch of chickens in a cargo plane and gonzo from the Muppet Babies was flying not even grown-up
Muppets Big Bird was being shipped to a circus
So I'm one plane together. I need your help
You can help me shove a big pill up my butt to get rid of my bone fleas
if
Just to be clear. It doesn't get rid of the bone, please. It just keeps them a bay
They're real good. Sorry Trev real quick
I'm looking at the like notes for like how to do a good pledge break that max maximum fun sent over and
It says that you should explicitly say the line
Give me money so I can get the pill in my butt for my bone fleas. Yeah, that's actually for next
You know how you know how Tony Stark aka Iron Man has to have an arc reactor in his chest to keep the metal pieces
Out of his heart. That's what I mean
I need a pill to keep the bone fleas the bone fleas out of my heart pill then that's all there is to it
It's the maximum. I will have this sentence. I will have it
Drive is happening right now, and we need you to
Get on board if you're a fan of what we do
This is the time of year we come to you for a brief 10-day period and say hey, please
please
Please help us out. Please the worst part the worst part is the pill is the pill is spiky, and I don't know
At that bit if I get a little bit extra money I can afford the smooth bill
It's twice as much
Fucking American by which I mean Canadian also
I may be healthcare systems fucked up if it if you can give five dollars a month
Not only we'd be supporting this great content
But you're also going to be getting over 200 hours of bonus content that you are just gonna love
We've got so many old episodes if you've never heard them. There's a lot of real silly ones in there a lot of great
goose and
Let's get a say goose and gapes, but that's not
Please don't say capes the pill is so big and spiky
No, please
Five dollars a month. What does that mean?
Well, all right, I'll let you all in and cuz you guys are friends
No, but
The number that the top of the screen that you see it max fun. That is absolutely just a computer projection
They're guessing about where they thought we would be. No one has donated yet and you could be the I feel like we're
Trending toward fraud right now. I feel like we're because people definitely are donating so I've worried
What we're kind of looking at fraud in the store window and saying, I don't know
Maybe I could pull well you threw a brick through the store window and grabbed fraud and put it in front of the microphone
And like listen, we don't have no donors
We're doing good, but we can still use your help go to maximum fund org slash join and and think about supporting our stuff
It's five bucks. I I view up it to $10
You're gonna get an exclusive pin and Travis can get the smooth pill, which
Could be massive five dollars a month is just the bonus content Travis can't get the smooth pill for five
It's a it's the spike. It's the bad spiky one. Yeah. Yeah, sure
This is the one this is your moment to step up if you're already at five
Do you care about my anus if you have five dollars a month and you're already at that level first off?
Thank you. We so appreciate your support, but maybe bump it up to ten dollars a month
So Travis can get the smooth pill, please everybody think of my butt. It hurts him really bad
and we're
Maximum fund org forward slash join don't wait. Don't hesitate
Don't last wait. Yeah it or else it'll be late
Just listen just go right now so you can enjoy the rest of the episode as a as a member of the of the network
We really appreciate it
Really?
Seriously enough about my anus. It's the max fun drive
Yeah
And this is the there's supposed to be putting out our best foot forward and you want to kick things off by
Jalen
Thank you Jalen. Oh
He actually liked this bit it's the voice it's the voice that I wish Travis
Just do your nor just do your regular voice, and I feel like it would be
Me okay, this is from Jalen. Thank you Jalen
I exist, but have no material form I am made of numbers, but up here square
I build upon other of my own, but do not topple down
I sit still and do nothing, but I'm still useful. What am I is it a computer monitor?
No
All right computer. No
a
phone no
iPad I exist, but have no material form I am made of numbers, but appear square
I build upon other of my own, but do not topple down
I sit still and do nothing, but I'm still useful. What am I?
Minecraft oh my god Griffin's Minecraft blocks
I said the right answer to a riddle me piss. That's fantastic
Congratulations Griffin. That's huge. I don't even know ten years
Yeah, ten years off my sentence in the riddle prison and we're getting closer closer every day to that sunshine outside
No that one actually makes sense trap. I put the pieces together
Yeah, sure this squid squares that you build on as Minecraft kids love it learn about it learn about it
I've learned about roblox too. I think that's the sequel to Minecraft is it my my kids won't tell me
It's a real it's a real tricks situation. Did you have another one Travis or is it just no just that one
I didn't expect Griffin's brain to be so I don't know young
Here's what's wild and people have pointed this out
I am always quick to do a slam on Travis's bits
Which is part of the dynamic and he loves it, but also I'm really good at them
Yeah, I'm like wicked good at Travis's bits like I'm so totally picking up what he's putting down something is broken inside you
Yeah, that's what you're rejecting when you reject house's bits right and it makes me think that Travis broke it
Yeah, please oh
We should mention by the way
This is kind of a special recording because this is the first one and not to continue to eulogize it forever
But this is the first one that we have recorded since the shutdown of yahoo answers on May 4th. Yes
Yeah, working without a net at this point. I well the nets still there
It's a ghost net because there are some archived ones
That I'm gonna bring to the bring to the table today just because I haven't found a replacement for it yet
I I would like to do a little business news here. Okay as someone who follows businesses. Yeah, I
I don't know if y'all saw this but this week it was announced. I remember the tail in the last week
It was very within the last week
It was announced that Verizon which had bought
Yahoo and AOL remember this yeah, I called him oath and then changed that to Verizon Media Group
I think cuz oath is stupid. Yeah
Well, so is so is buying AOL and yahoo. Yeah, but they just add a massive loss. I mean
Really poor leadership just sold yahoo and AOL
to Apollo management, I think is the name of the company, but I
cannot I
Cannot accept the fact that these two are not related
There is it is 100% correlation to me that this Apollo management group didn't have the fucking guts
To own yahoo answer. They don't they wouldn't do it. There's not a price high enough, right?
Yahoo could be like well, we do have this one other no close it down. Shut it down. We won't be owning that
Thank you. What does yahoo have?
Other than yahoo answers that is worth. I think it was five billies. Well, it's that fun yahoo
Right it you pay for the rights to yahoo
Brand it's also one of the most I mean
Juice a juice you do one
Yeah, hey, let's see you can do the highest one Travis your turn
No, my dogs are going nuts
So the show kicks ass Apollo shut it. I think Apollo wouldn't close the deal
I think it was one of the parts of the deal is like we won't buy this. Yeah, you have to kill it. Yeah homepages
This is like there's a bunch of boomers that set their home page to yahoo when internet first came out
They thought oh this I won't need anything other than this right and it's still that's still the front page
That's still where they're going. Yeah, so I don't know you tell me
They got a lot of news stories up there
It looks like the good doctor may be canceled. I don't know
No
Page for new new information. Um, okay. Okay, so help help help
I recently became aware through a mutual friend that my roommate's girlfriend was planning to break up with
That's slow down all these people knowing people and having relationships with people gets very confusing to me
Yeah, that was a very followable sentence though
Justin I recently became aware through a mutual friend that my roommate's girlfriend was planning to break up with him
Okay, it is clear that my roommate has no idea. This is coming and we'll take it hard
I am NOT the best at helping someone pick up the pieces after one of these things
But I wanted to offer some support. So I decided to purchase
Uh-huh. I mean there's a there's a price tag price just like right in the middle here purchase
$199
$19.99 for a roommate who's a lifelong Texas Longhorns fan a cameo pep talk from UT football legend Colt McCoy
My question is how long must I wait after the breakup to share? Mr
McCoy's rousing speech to avoid suspicion that I knew about the breakup ahead of time
I don't want to wait too long and I've not had the desired effect
But also don't want to move too quick and out myself as an accessory to this breakup plan
It's from cameo countdown in the Pacific North
Let's let's take our time with this one because I'm jittery because it's the best question
We've gotten I think in years. It is so to
Explore a new wrinkle in the sort of this human web of
Flesh and love that we have between us. I thought we'd seen it all this is a new one
What do you do with your precog breakup Colt McCoy cameo because it can't be like, oh, yeah Doug
My my partner broke up with me. Ah, that's a bummer, but I know it's gonna help. Yeah, you can't know
It's like this is true. You can't have it ready to go for sure
but you also like it was smart of you to not wait because what if you had
Like sent the request to call McCoy after that, you know, the word came down
Home office, you know, right sure what if and it had taken a lot sometimes on cameo, you know
I've got a couple cameos and sometimes it takes a long time. Sometimes Jojo see what just declines the
Nothing against Jojo, I know she's extremely busy more like no no see why
Yeah, it's mom now. Well cuz I said no no
I mean Jojo's got a lot of different business opportunities
She's a leader and I'm just saying that like you can't be counting on it
You can't be like well Mother's Day is taken care of
Jojo Siwa is gonna I mean that wasn't what it sure you get the idea. You also need to be very careful that mr
McCoy the football legend doesn't say anything during the message that will give it away
Oh instance if he's like, I'm I heard you're having a rough time
I just want you know, hang in there go longhorns hook em horns and happy Easter, right?
Today's newspaper
Exactly also
When you go to cameo
And you're looking at I'll say it an artist and and and wondering whether or not you're gonna make a purchase from them
One of the things that's on their page is a bunch of other
Cameos that they've done for people and I want you question asker and everybody listening at home to sort of
Process the fact that there is a non
zero chance
That this video is just sitting on old boy
A home page right now Wowzers that this could just be on there
Especially if your roommate is a Colt McCoy fan and wow. Yeah. Oh, I wonder if McCoy has a cameo pit
Worst worst case scenario is that they're a Colt McCoy fan and my brother my brother and me fan
Oh, no, because now they we left you all the clues you needed detective
Hey, you put it together question asker. You need to get a hold your roommate's girlfriend and get her to do it, right?
This is what you have to Travis has a great point
I'm sorry, but you have to encourage the girlfriend to just pull the trigger. Hey Susan. I fucked up
Hey, listen, you you got to pull put a bullet right between his eyes, but just give him that old Anton Chigurh in
a bolt right there and put him down done a done fun you could also fucked up and Colt fucked up to
Let me loop cold in here. Hey cope you're you're on with Susan. Yeah. Hey, it's me football legend Colt McCoy
You got to do this. You got a view. You got a break up with this dude. Got it in it
Can you get a cameo begging?
Colt McCoy begging the girlfriend to dump. Well, you need to get now
You're gonna need to get a cameo of someone Colt McCoy respects to tell Colt McCoy to do it
Damn, I'm hoping that there's not a lot of Colt McCoy slash my brother my brother and me fans out there who now think that their
Girlfriend is about to dump them. And now they're calling their girlfriends. Like I heard the good word from the McElroy's we're done Samantha
It's over. Hey, and also I got a comma Colt McCoy and tell him to fuck off to
Hey, do you guys want?
a ghost a ghost of a yahoo a ghost of yahoo's past
This feels a little bit like in stand by me where they're gonna go poke a dead body
well, I had to I had to come back to it because we did get an email from the
Druid himself the level 9000. Yeah, Drew Druid drew Davenport. And this is yahoo answers user Josh
who asks
Baby cast a spell at slash on me
Mm-hmm. My cousin's new baby pointed at me and said something that sounded like a spell
I know babies have a stronger connection to the magical source and I don't remember the exact incantation. Am I gonna be okay?
Well, it's a pill. Why would you assume it's a negative spell?
Could be a positive baby blessing. Oh
Oh that do they do those do babies are babies concerned enough with other living beings
That they would would bless them or are they really really really just kind of about their own?
Shit in a very rude way. It depends on if you get yourself an angelic or a Tommy Pickles, right?
Oh, you got a tiny tiny pickles out there doing good. Let's just say I got myself a reptile. Oh, oh, man
Babies don't talk words
Typically, unless we use it and there's some people who use the word baby liberally
I think you stop being baby at like
to
I believe when the baby can't toddle around Griffin there is now a new term for them. You usually refer babies
toddle babies
Tidal babies toddle be yeah, could it be one of them toddle bees?
What kind of magic would a baby even be interested?
In doing because it's not as fun as it seems like in movies and TV where it's like, you know
Hamburgers falling from the sky
Magic isn't as fun. Yeah. No. Yeah, it's you know, it's a bit more tame than you know
Make make my pacifier bigger or whatever. Mm-hmm. I think I mean, let's see
What do babies care about babies care about pacifier? Yeah babies care about
Pulling naked on my beard what?
Babies care about naked. They do care about naked. Love that. Love that. I love the naked
Maybe that's it. Maybe the baby is just saying like I'm gonna cast a spell on you. That makes you do stuff for me
Right because that's like what babies are about maybe doesn't have to do that. That's what babies
That's what baby is baby
all baby is is a box you put food in and
You lay them down when they need it and if you do either of those two things bad
They make a sound that sucks shit so that you will fix it
It's all that they are. I love my new one. So dope. It's great. I've created life
But he pissed on me twice yesterday a lot of people have baby
Yeah, because they want to have child
But baby is a bridge. Yep, and it's a Ricky one. Oh boy
Oh you did fall now you're burning in the lava. Yes, the bridge was over lava
Do you still want child this decision that no longer affects you you have baby
Yeah, this is all you've ever had
This is all you will ever have and here's the best thing too is to follow up Justin's analogy
Sometimes you don't fall off the bridge
But the bridge has decided you fell off the bridge and it's still mad the bridge is still mad at you
I I don't think there's anything people want to hear less than adults complaining about their babies
So there I will say this what you should have done and you got to be on your toes
user of this now defunct and disgraced website
You gotta do a counter curse right then and there like don't skip a beat like, you know, pull out your
Salts or whatever and do a little do a little counter charm and and when everybody asks what you're doing
You can say like oh, it's a it's a trick for babies. I learned about it. It's a baby gun
It's a baby trick. This is a rattle because it looks like sage. No, it's a rattle. No, I learned it from David Blaine
It's a baby. That's actually the proper procedure is you like the sage hand the sage to the baby
Yeah, then leave you start a new life. Yep somewhere else where the baby didn't burn out the house. Yeah life for you
Yeah, how about another question? How about a yeah. Yeah another question. I'm currently living in a house
That's directly connected to the other houses on either side. Is that a row home? Yeah. Yeah
Yeah
Is a rope row home a houseboat?
No
What it can be a bit cramped sometimes but it's actually a really nice house with a back deck that has a great view of
Distant mountains and I would guess a really really great view of your neighbors
Right there
It can be a bit cramped sometimes. I realize there's a nice little couple that lives next door to us that are great neighbors
And I have a mole that I'm worried about because they're just right there. I just see see their whole business
But they're all they're out of their deck all the time
This is a problem because our decks are directly connected and we're only separated by a thin wooden lattice
Which means whenever my roommate and I sit outside we either have to ignore them or talk to them the whole time
How could I enjoy the deck with my neighbors out there all the time Sarah?
We could it could indirectly discourage them from being outside without being a bad neighbor. That's from I don't want to be a deckhead
Now here's the thing about this right that I I didn't consider
But now hearing you say that loud clicks for me if you have the option to ignore them
Then that must mean they are not initiating
Initiating the discussion with you, right? The question isn't every time we go out there. They tried to talk to us, right?
So it seems like they've already made this decision for you and you keep interrupting them
being intimidated by sorry what in being intimidated by
Maybe having a conversation with your neighbors has such big 2020 energy that I don't really it's it's but it's also it's not a judgment
on you don't want to be a deckhead because
There but for the grace of God, I actually did I have gone I have been in this exact situation
it is it is uncomfy one and the solution I found was do the front porch and
That's it's essentially like when you share a room with somebody and you draw a line down the middle
The front porch is yours and back porch is theirs and you don't have to send them a letter or anything
They'll figure it out. But here's the thing what I'm saying is sitting here thinking about it
Can you guys like I think it's really you know, what something in 2021?
I want to do a better job. Okay is before we start just fucking
Proviating I want to try to get into the mind's eye a little Oh of these question askers
Yeah, I want you to try to crawl inside for a second. It's like sure it's like John Malkovich kind of thing
Yeah, imagine you just fired up the grilling time playing list. That's your Jim Croce. Just blasted. All right. Yeah
You don't
Nice a nice plate of shrimp. Thank you. Just I don't trap don't I charge you crazy
I was sorry. I was trying to set I thought we were doing like any it's a minds
It's imagine. Yeah, but my my mind is very visceral. Actually, we Travis imagined so hard that you can fucking yeah
That was not me. You got a big plate of shrimp. Okay, but I'm sorry. What kind
Grilled well, they're already grilled ramp. Wait, wait, hold on
Why did I turn on the grill if the shrimp are already grilled you didn't turn on the you just the grilling time?
No, I said so I grilled in silence. We got a marinade on those bad boys
No, it's already grilled. We're gonna yeah, I actually did do a nice little like olive oil lime juice
Did I did I grill in silence before I sitting to the grilling time
Playlist the shrimp you sauteed because the weather wasn't nice enough, but you said they were grilled
Why am I lying to myself use the grill pan? I use the grill pan inside
Then I came outside cuz the weather got better
It warmed up in the class the Sun started peeking out. Are we gonna only take two minutes to grill shrimp?
The more you guys argue the longer it is before we can eat these amazing
Okay, we're starting. What kind of sides Justin? We're starting over with you with the cioppino. Okay, it's a peasant's dish
You made it on this stove and you what am I drink?
What am I drink and mall back? Oh with your piano?
Don't even know what a mall back is but you're drinking a mall back. Well, it's nothing I'm now back is something Justin
Here you fucking guys guys. I want to be honest a meaner. Can I have a convert some meaner?
Can I be honest with you guys? Yeah, ever since Justin made the imaginary shrimp go away
I've really been tuned out of the fucking podcast. There's shrimp in the cioppino. Well, then Justin you would put a red wine with
Seafood you simpleton what's wrong with you? What's the okay now? All right now, I'm angry now. I'm angry now
I'm googling. What's the best?
wine
pairing with a nice with a Michael Gino scratch now real nice. Yeah
To Pete to pino to pino, you know, you know, it's a peasant's dish. Okay
Yeah, you can say as many times as you want, but it's not gonna help me spell it and type it into a search browser
It's not GIP I you know, see I oh
PP I you know that PP. That's fucking awesome, man
a
Californian
Charbonneau or an Italian Barbara de Austin. Yeah
So you can like maybe like either one of those those are red wines
This is a like super smart and a nice fruity zinfandel for your oh, yeah
Deck. Yeah, you're eating cioppino. Yeah, and then you're just like sitting there and
Also your elderly neighbor who I I want to give a little bit more character. Yeah, please. We're gonna call him
Peter Parker, he's sitting out there on waste port V. Peter
No, no different one a different one. I absolutely would have mentioned if he was spider-man and also the neighbor in this context would not have
Access to the information the spider-man so it still could be spider-man
Anyway, anyway, yeah, no not every these days. Are you kidding the point all these?
yeah, so you look and you're just like I want you guys to seriously stop goofing for a second and
imagine trying to eat your cioppino and just like
Locking up. Wait, what I'm locking eyes with Peter. What are Peter Peter Parker and I guess their partner other Peter Parker doing
Here's what's so frustrating is they're eating cioppino. Is it the same cioppino? It's a different cioppino
And so the conversation is even more rich. There's tons to talk about now. It seems like we have a lot in common
Why wouldn't we want to talk about it? It's it's not about not having anything in common. They like the neighbors
Yeah, but they have too much in common and they feel like I'm sorry, but if I'm sitting six feet from you
And we're both enjoying a nice
Sorry, it's a really nice. Thank you. Right. Do you think maybe also they're trying to?
You know, so they're trying to maybe they're trying to huff a doggie back in the backyard
The elderly couple is trying to hook up with you and your roommate
No, I'm saying you're in the backyard and you're trying this is your fucking house you live here
You should be allowed to huff a doggie in the backyard if you want to but you don't know if they're cool or not
And it's a thin lattice and there's holes in it
So they'll be able to smell it and see it and know it
Well at this point if you're both having a really good
Cioppino then chances are they also want to huff a doggie and they're waiting for you to leave
Man I don't even know cuz I said everybody try to spell
Cioppino. I said Giacchino earlier talking about and now I can't stop thinking about Giacchino and I fuck it
I'm so lost in the spelling. Thanks to Sunbasket by the way. Yeah former
Pastor former my brother my brother me sponsor for
Yeah, why I paid for it at this point. I'm still paying for it. But hey, thanks for sending such a nice Cioppino
If we're gonna keep Justin in Cioppino, then we are gonna need your help with the maximum fun drive. Thank you
Okay, we're finally getting to the meat of it. Why don't we talk a little bit more about these these?
Please I think that may have been if you if you do like inverse
Like
That must be that might be the most we've ever talked about something and the hardest we've ever worked
With the least amount of advice that came out of it. Yeah offered. I just wanted I wanted to mark that okay
I wouldn't but I wouldn't have done that juice. I would have let that sail by
I hope they didn't notice that we did such a dog shit job
Yeah, because basically we're saying it's like hey, we did a shitty job
And if you want us to keep doing a shitty job, maybe consider going to maximum fun dot org
Slash join and supporting the art and artists that you pity and wish were better
We've told you at five bucks a month the max fun high-fiber level you get access to all the bonus content for
Every show on the network for every year that that shows been on the network. You could it's over 200 hours of bonus content
We're trying a new thing this year where our regular episodes are dog shit
So we can say like if you want that good stuff
Well, I don't know the the
special episode we did this year was a lot of fun where we switched around and did each other's bits and
It was it gave me a real anxiety attack
but it was it's still a fun time for the family if you want to step that up to ten bucks a month you're going to
Get the bonus content, but you're also going to get a letterpress max fun membership card to let people know
Your your bona fidesse and also you get to pick one of 38 enamel pins
Each has a specific design for all the shows on the network and they are designed by Megan Lencott
Coming back to crush it once again
For my bim-bam this year. It's whoa weirdly enough some shrimp. Yeah, and it says but it says boat beauties on it
Well, we do talk about shrimp a lot though
Shrimp a lot. They're really they're fun. They're phenomenal phenomenal. They take so little time to cook
Look at them
They're fun
Skewer if you want to watch if you want to wash those shrimp down with some hot tea
That's you do you man you do you I am NOT gonna yuck your yum
But if you want to join the diamond friendship circle at $20 a month you get one of the pins you get the membership card
You get the bonus content
you also get a take a minute tea kit which has all that you need to have a special tea experience like a
five and a half inch tall t10 and
some loose leaf tea and
For the the loose leaf tea is orange tea
Orange tea interstellar orange tea. I'm not doing a great job talking about this tea
But that's just because I don't know much about tea
but you also get a rocket strainer and a tray for you to use and enjoy and just like
Just have just take a fucking break for like a minute
And one other thing I wanted to mention about this is that I grilled shrimp on Monday
I had red lobster on Tuesday and then made a nice chupino with shrimp in it last night
I'm just sitting here like I've had shrimp three nights in a row and I probably need to calm down a little bit
Anything in excess like that? Okay. Listen, I don't know what that has to do with the max fun drive
But thank you for sharing Justin. I also want to let you guys know about a couple special features
That you can do this year one
We always have the upgrade right if you've been a member for a while upgrade your membership into the next level get those rewards
But you can also boost your membership if you're not quite ready to move up to that next support level
We totally get it. But if you find yourself, you know counting on max fun shows a little bit more
And you want to give a little bit more you can do so by boosting
It won't move you up to a new reward level, but it's a great way to give back
Also, you can gift a membership
There's lots of people out there who want to get access to the bonus content and things like that
But you know, it's been a rough year and they may not be able to become a member
Well, if you feel like giving back you can go to maximum fun org slash join
Click on gift and you can gift a membership. You can donate a membership. You can do all kinds of things
So check that out
We really appreciate the support that y'all have shown us over the years. This is what our 12th max fun drive
I mean obviously like the max fun drive is is how our listeners support us directly and it is why we have been able to
make this our our jobs and you know launch launch new projects like the adventure zone and
You know tour back when that was a thing we used to be able to do and it's also another reason why it would be
Great to have your support this year because we didn't tour at all in the last 12 months 15 months actually, it's rough
But yeah maximum fun org slash join is the link think about
uh, you know supporting us if you enjoy our work and you have the means and
We we we really do appreciate it. Please please
Hey, can I do a final yahoo from the past and I'm still workshopping a name for this segment also
Okay, sure. This one is asked by an anonymous yahoo answers user who I'm gonna call
Uh
Asks
I got that you're running out of
Bail like the ancient
Like the craven God the Moses smashed up. This one was sent in by
Well
No, this is this one was sitting by an unpronounceable series of characters
No, this is actually the final yahoo from episode 7, which is actually titled Bill and Ted's most tender engagement
Let's and it's been it has been 10 years since we have first floated this we have a decade of
experience to come back to and the question is I
Think I have Pepsi stuck in my lungs
What should I what should I do, huh?
Go to the hospital
That's a great starting point Travis
Oh
I know inhale some Mentos
Get it that seems like you've run the gamut. I'm bad and good. Well somewhere between those two
yeah, um you I
I mean you probably didn't cuz you got two different tubes, right?
So if you try to put any liquid down, you guys know about this
Yeah, but if you try to put liquid down the air tube there, she was like, I wish you would fuck this
Don't you hate that choke?
That cough that you get when a little bit goes down the wrong pipe and your body just like flips its entire shit
Yeah that without fail, right?
Everyone at the table like is on their feet like oh fuck. No
No, he do something and there's always this moment where you're like now I'm a fucking asshole
I just the liquid went down the wrong pipe and there's still this a moment where everybody's like
Listen, we can't live with his death on our hands
We got to do somebody somebody's got to do something listen to him joke and then even after they've accepted. Yeah
Okay, maybe they're right. Maybe they are just an idiot that was gulping down their code read too quickly
You'll have like one more follow-up joke and there's still an aftershock of everybody like oh god, it's back
The problem is Justin is that your esophagus in that scenario is like that friend who had like maybe like a minor
Car like, you know accident but like nothing major
But then they keep telling the story for weeks because you'll keep having those little aftershocks. Oh
Sorry, it's just oh
Sorry, sorry
Sorry, just getting it all the speed at which friend concern becomes like, all right, we fucking get it
All right. Well area and what is everybody? What's the advice?
I'm ready you should have a listen have it have a drink turn. Have a drink. I'm sorry. That's a way
Sorry pause. Could you do that? Just a quick delivery note if you could do that a little more dynamically
I think it would feel more like a segment from your stand-up comedy type five and what's everybody's if I you know
I mean like if you could hit that
Let's take another run tone. Yeah, that's shit. That's super shitty tone. You do
Comedy that one when you're doing you're really transgressive comedy. Okay, go give it another chunk
No, Justin Justin, please just no. Hey, it was a quick note. We'll fix it. Hey, you've made me extremely self-conscious
No, we'll re-inject the momentum in post, you know, it's bad enough Trav that here in my 40s
I feel like maybe I don't have the edge anymore that I used to as a younger performer and for you to just be like
Like trying to act like I'm you know
Insert a stand-up comedian that I would have no way of ever meeting and do not already
Respect and also wouldn't get me in trouble for making fun of but you get the idea. Yeah
Sorry, Joey bloops. I just made him up but at the speed that that shit turns around
Haven't you done enough? I just googled actually Joey bloops is
hugely problematic
Yeah, it was the quickest turnaround from his inception in your mind's eye to
making some tasteless jokes
He just loves Rudy Giuliani
Here's what's weird I thought I made up
Rudy Giuliani like a drop-dead-fred character that someone created
I want a much
I want to
Pepsi lung at all
It was really hey
I
Think we used to this a great jumping-off point for doing some really edgy material and really transgressive. Yeah, okay. I have two
quick updates from the the house or Taco Bell
The first is great. They're the first in the industry to team up with TerraCycle to recycle hot sauce back. Oh boy
That's good news, right?
The container. Yeah the container or the sauce contained within
Sure. Sorry. So it's this the container itself these flexible film packets
There's currently no way to recycle them
In fact as Liz Matthews talk about global chief food innovation officer says in the food industry today. There is no widely
Available solution for recycling the flexible film packets that are so commonly used for condiments
So we're thrilled to leverage the expertise of TerraCycle to recycle our iconic sauce packet packaging in a way
That's as bold and innovative as our menu. Okay, so this is good. I mean, I'm yeah, I love it. I'm happy about this
There's one little there's one little thing here. Oh, no, it's kind of that that I'm I'm sort of like I
Think it's kind of strange. Okay. All right
While the companies will announce details of a national u.s. Recycling pilot program later this year
Customer participation will be easy and will incorporate free shipping. Wait. Oh
Hold on. I am to send my empty packets
So I guess what they're hinting at is that one of two things will happen either
You will take home a pre-stamped envelope from Taco Bell that you use to save all of your rugged
sports
And once it is literally
bulging at the seams
You will put it in a truck and they'll take it to the recycling place so everyone can see the extent of your depravity
Yeah option two you will walk into Taco Bell with an ant covered
Walmart bag full of rotten
Sauce packet rappers
Absolutely, both are untenable. I'm thrilled about this future and big big credit to anybody
That's willing to put the legwork in on this one for me. I'd rather just skip the sauce
another
probably think that could be is just every sauce packet is
Like a postcard. It has every packet has a sauce
As a stamp on it God, holy shit. I'm so tired
But the joke was the joke was if you just you could mail the the packets, right?
You put the packets in a mailbox, but then the joke thing I was gonna say is I was gonna say
So everybody go ahead and just start doing that
Taco Bell you
Have done nothing over the past ten years
But convince us that things can be food
There's a lot of things where everybody at first is like this maybe isn't food and then you're like we just sold two billion of them
So, what do you know? This is a prime example. You've been training for this moment make the food packets food if you call them
Crunch helpers or whatever, you know
I'm sure you could sell a but I bet you could get a bunch of them going wait Justin
Are you saying that you think it's time for Taco Bell to see if they can convince the public?
to to eat
Sauce packets they could do that one of two ways one is edible sauce packet and the other is a lot dark
Yeah, if they say if they pair this they say hey gang good news. We're bringing back Mexican pizza
We know you missed it and you sneak into the press release. Also, the sauce packets are now called
Tongue they're called tongue herders and they are so delicious and you
they come in three ball three different flavors and
You just go ahead and you do eat those now. You don't throw them away. You do eat those now. This is a new thing
It's not a new product. Are you changing the formula of the packet? Is it now a torture? No, it's not a tortilla
you we just want you to start eating those now and your napkin that would be good for if you're done with your
napkin and your drinky cup go ahead and eat those that's now called a
Tortilla fin and the drinky cup is called a
Styrofoam poblano enjoy
So that that's all great and then Taco Bell's like I know that that we have that one for you and I said listen TV
I
Jm here. We got the MFD. That's the max funder
I'm gonna need you to come out with something real big. Okay, like yeah, we got you bud
Cuz here's the headline I'm about to say to you
Maximum fund out or first I joined please
I just want to slip one in here subliminally
Because you're about to be so delighted and thrilled that you'll be just throwing money at your podcast player
Taco Bell enlists the moon to introduce the whole world to talk. Oh, no. Oh
Here it goes on here's the subhead the earth a deck if you like when the moon looks like a taco on May 4th and
Taco Bell fans in select locations around the globe can score a free taco
What as part of its first ever global campaign when the moon looks like a taco?
on May 4th in the seventh house
The moon is known for some powerful influences from controlling Earth's tide to even affecting one's cravings
I thought for sure they were gonna say monthly there and not
Crack now to launch its first ever global campaign Taco Bell is using a billboard
That the whole world can see that's not a moon
That's a Taco Bell billboard. Now. It's claimed it. It's claimed it on May 4th
Sorry, I missed it the May 4th the world's largest and brightest object in the night sky
well
Will resist that sentence does not hold up to scrutiny, but I'm not getting Neil back on the show
Help us explain it. It will resemble a favorite indulgence the taco a new lunar phase
We are affectionately calling the taco moon. No
Taco moon is the only
No, I'm angry
No, trap
It's the only side that fans need to score a Taco Bell taco when the taco moon arrives on May 4th
Fans in the u.s. Can score its number one best-selling menu item a free crunchy taco
I get you know, I guess if you have a menu item called a free crunchy taco. It probably is a pretty good seller
Can I tell you why I'm angry? Oh
Yes, and then I'll tell you why I'm delighted
The headline makes it seem like the moon is complicit in this and just seems completely on the moon
Did not have a say in its participation
Yes, this and it makes it seem like the moon is like, you know what?
It's the latest celebrity endorsement of time. But instead this would be like if they said hey whenever your friend Jerry
Says I don't and it says Poughkeepsie you get a free talk like your friend Jerry didn't sign up for this
This is a complete happenstance. It should say Taco Bell Dragoons the moon
That what makes me happy is I don't think they realize these damn moons come back every month. So my next taco moon
You know that the taco moon comes back or a half moon as the rest of us have called it for all of time
The taco moon comes back. Do I get another pass? Oh, yeah, I should well, they can't say there's no rulebook
It says they can't Justin more than 20 markets are gonna celebrate the taco moon. Not really US not really
wide then huh
Well Travis, I don't know what you want. Not everybody likes tacos
So there's like all the different countries are gonna do it, but they're all giving it their own spin
okay, for instance a free crunchy taco with the purchase of Beverly beverage in Guatemala and a free vegetarian crunchy taco available food delivery in
India all of which combine local flavors with a Taco Bell twist what to end and the moon
Taco Bell has been an established brand in the US for nearly 60 years and we are thrilled by the accelerating fandom
We're seeing globally
This is from the president Taco Bell International as we're opening more and more restaurants internationally
We know the May 4th moon will take us to new
Heights
Because the moon is high because the moon is high it says here Heights
Julie then paused for 30 seconds that she stared at the end of your Heights
So this is
The Bell plans to give away the most tacos is ever
Has on a single day on May 4th when the saga of lunar phases ultimately displays its perfect half moon shape
This is truly unhinged
To announce the taco moon. There's a bunch of ads where the slogan is I see a taco and
The taco cravings commence on May 4th and select markets as consumers recognize the power of the glowing taco moon
This is literally the words on the page. No good words. I love words
Yeah, Taco Bell is certain consumers were struck seeing tacos everywhere
Which is really just the beginning of reaching ultimate brand fandom
So they're hoping that the moon will burn the idea of tacos into consumers retina
You will start yes that you will start seeing
More than 20 markets are just want to return to the sentence because I cut the best part off more than 20 markets
we'll celebrate the taco moon as the US but US based brand gives them a reason to try a taco and
Ultimately experience what Taco Bell fandom is. Holy shit. Well, first of all, can we all just say thank you to Taco Bell an American-based
Company for just spreading tacos throughout the world. Thank you
I bet all the other countries that aren't America are so fucking jazzed to hear about
That they took the moon that they got the moon and also that they got the moon. Does the moon have significance in your culture?
Well, we're overriding that with a free crunchy taco. We call this a taco
Basically what it is. So we take this flimsy thing and we make it hard and then we fill it with meaty
Ingredients ever heard of it. You're welcome
Sometimes we blast it in ranch. Hold on. What's ranch? Let me start
We're gonna need some something sprinkled in the sky dish. Oh wait
The stars are now ranch blasted flavor
Okay, the Comets are sauce packets. The Sun is the oven that we use to cook the taco moon and
If you see birds, well, those are nature's waiters bringing the taco moon
Oh Pluto that's the Mexican pizza. It's gone now pizza. It's gone in the airplanes. Those are
Plates for your they said they're gonna give away the most tacos they've ever done in a single day
All right, and which means that all across this planet on May 4th if you sense a
Disturbance in the force. It wasn't what is that Star Wars day? It was
literally hundreds of thousands if not millions of people globally
Walking into a restaurant and saying to the face of another human being the masked face
Let's hope of another human being hi. I'm here for a free taco because of the moon sent me
The man told me to come in and I knew it's time for free tacos. So that's why I'm here or
alternately a bunch of
employees
staring into the face of an unwitting customer and saying the phrase
So would you like to add a free taco because of how the moon looks right now?
Justin you're all still assuming a certain level of confidence from the customer that I do not think is a lock for most folks including myself
Where I would walk into the restaurant and my heat would be excuse me
Is the moon right for a free taco?
Is this the is the moon in the right way for me to get the free taco now, please?
Is this the appropriate time for a free taco judging by the moon?
Can I have a taco please? I think is all I would say. May I please have a taco now for zero money?
I'd like a taco and if the moon says it's free, I will take you
With the moon and see if I can have a taco. Can you open the porthole and look out and
And let me know what the moon says. I took a picture of the moon on my phone. Is this any I know I'm two days late
So that is that is the the munch quad for this week
That was it that was a lot for Taco Bell to give us thank you Tom. Thank you talk about so generate first free tacos now this
So thank you so much for listening to our show and one more time, we just want to give you the big pitch
Please please please if you can
head on over to
maximumfund.org forward slash join
Kick in even if it's five bucks a month that makes a huge difference
To us because it really adds up with with everybody else's donations and it's the only way we're able to like
Pay our bills and feed our families and you know houses and stuff like that and it means
So much to me
And to the rest of our family, so thank you and maximumfund.org forward slash join, please, please, please, please, please
Don't wait because this is our last chance to
to ask
please
Lend us your support. Thank you so much. And thank yeah, once again if you do make sure you tweet it
So we can say thank you
Yeah, and hey, thanks to Montaigne for the use of our new theme song
and that that theme song is called my life is better with you and
It's out exclusively on title
Montaigne our friend Montaigne just released a music video for her Eurovision entry
It is called Technicolor. If you search Montaigne Technicolor on YouTube
You will find the music video and it whips ass his title
I said the jokes because I thought title was not available anymore. I think it's I don't know
Okay, scratch that about title. I do think it's still going. I thought it was like a zune thing
What's the one that real player had? Do you remember that one that we used to try to sell it?
Best Buy raps. Oh, yeah
No, that tracks gonna drop eventually and it's gonna really set the world on fire
Um, do y'all want a final yahoo? Yes, please. I'm waiting on just sign. It's a submarine need two keys
Okay
This one was also sent in by the level 9,000. Yajra drew drew Davenport
It's an anonymous yahoo answers user who I'm gonna call level 9,000. Yajra drew drew Davenport
Is it appropriate to wear a bathing suit underneath clothes at a funeral?
My name is Justin I'm Griffin McElroy. This has been my brother my brother me kiss your dad square on the lips
Oh
It's better with you Maximum fun org comedy and culture artists owned audience supported